Question 2: Corporate VPN (Virtual Private Network)
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a corporate VPN, and under what circumstances is using one appropriate? A. VPN are perfect for remote user/workers/staff. It was extremely helpful during the recent pandemic. It provides a secure remote connection while working out of the office.  It cost efficient.   Disadvantages: Slow Connections (subject to speed provided by our ISP).  Connection might drop, setting up the VPN is not an easy task.  Not setting the VPN properly may cause data lost. 
1.	Restate the Problem
2.	Provide a Concrete Example Scenario
o	In Project 1, which VMs did you have on the network?
o	A. ELK
o	Which tools did you use to control access to and from the network?
o	A. Azure Lab and GitBash
o	If you didn't use a VPN, what did you use?
o	A. I use the VM (Virtual Machine)
o	What disadvantage(s) did your non-VPN solution have?
o	A. Privacy is not guaranteed | Slow connection speed | Use more Data | Open for malware and phishing.
o	What advantage(s) did your non-VPN solution have?
o	A. Safe to use on public Wi-Fi. | Data Privacy | Easy access to your work place application | Require less storage space on user computer | Can be use on cell/tablets etc.
3.	Explain the Solution Requirements
o	Would a VPN meet the access control requirements you had for Project 1?
o	A. Yes, by allowing only certain connection, the use of SSH KEY to secure connectivity among devices.
o	How would a VPN protect the network just as well, or better, than your current solution? A VPN will only allow remote user with the correct credential to connect to the corporate network.  1st user needs to have the password to access the device, a second password to connect to the VPM.  The IP and configuration are done in most cases before the device leave the office.  
4.	Explain the Solution Details
o	Which Azure tools would you use to implement a VPN to your Project 1 network? A.   Azure Tools used: Azure Portal, Power Shell, SQL , VM
o	How would you onboard users to the new VPN system?
o	A. With the credential provided by the corporate IT team.  
5.	Identify Advantages and Disadvantages of the Solution
o	In Project 1, would a VPN have been an appropriate access control solution?
o	A. Yes, because it will provide access to information that is generally located behind the company firewall. It will also provide information on who is using and miss-using company information   It allows the IT department to kill and terminate connection if it looks suspicious. 
o	Under what circumstances is a VPN a good solution?
o	A. When user is working remotely and information need to be kept secure and private. 
o	When, if ever, is a VPN "overkill"? 
  A. Overkill: when the VPN is overloaded and it becomes slow and vulnerable, or when user is using suspicious proxy networks to access the VPN. 
